with a reach that is truly global joy
global has facilities and service
centers that span six continents and
more than 20 countries yet our focus
remains local our people and service
centers are located close to mine sites
working with customers on a daily basis
to provide them with innovative
solutions our worldwide service centers
have a wide range of capabilities
including among others 24/7 products
support remote health management
services and asset revitalization and
rebuilds often involving the rebuild of
other OEM equipment joy global is
constantly listening to our customers
and looking for ways to make our
equipment more reliable maintainable and
capable of handling increasing mining
demands today we've taken our focus on
continuous improvement initiatives along
with our engineering and design
expertise and customer feedback and are
proud to offer the P and H fleeting ship
rope guide upgrade hoist ropes flex or
bounce repeatedly as the dipper is
hoisted and lowered this flexing occurs
between the hoist drum and boom point
and can contribute to shortened rope
life impacts with roller type rope
guides can also contribute to shortened
rope life the fleeting ship rope guide
system helps limit hoist rope flexing
during dipper hosting and lowering the
fleeting ship rope guide mounts to the
top plate of the boom
dual steel SHIVs channel and maintain
contact with the hoist ropes as they
travel between the hoist drum and boom
point ships in multiple studies this
system eliminated the failure mode of
rope breakage between the hoist strum
and the boom point additionally it has
been designed to help reduce unwanted
rope movement which contributes to
operator safety it can also lead to a
reduction in maintenance costs resulting
from damage to the rope annotation
systems this upgrade is now available on
new 4100 XP CAC 40 100 C boss AC and
4100 boss shovels it is also available
as a retrofit on the 4140 100 a
4100 see 4100 xpb 4100 XP see 4100 XP
seed a seed 2800 XP b and 2800 XP see
the fleeting shiv rope guide system is
available to order today for more
information contact your local joy
global service center